DRILL-7200: Update Calcite to 1.19.0 / 1.20.0 (#1818)
apache/drill: docs/dev/Calcite.md

|[CALCITE-2018](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-2018)|Queries failed with AssertionError: rel has lower cost than best cost of subset|Pull request with the fix was created ([PR-552](https://github.com/apache/calcite/pull/552)), but [CALCITE-2166](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-2166) which blocks it was found and is not resolved yet.|
|[CALCITE-2087](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-2087)|Add new method to ViewExpander interface to allow passing SchemaPlus.|Pull request into Apache Calcite was created, but it was declined. See conversation in Jira.|
|[CALCITE-1178](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-1178)|Allow SqlBetweenOperator to compare DATE and TIMESTAMP|SQL spec does not allow to compare datetime types if they have different `<primary datetime field>`s. Therefore Calcite community won’t accept these changes. Similar issues were reported in [CALCITE-2829](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-2829) and in [CALCITE-2745](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-2745).|

> |[CALCITE-3121](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-3121)|VolcanoPlanner hangs due to removing ORDER BY from sub-query|Pull request was open to revert changes ([PR-1264](https://github.com/apache/calcite/pull/1264)) which remove ORDER BY clause; it wasn't merged, because aforementioned changes only unveiled the issue and no proper solution was proposed yet.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[CALCITE-3121](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/CALCITE-3121)|VolcanoPlanner hangs due to removing ORDER BY from sub-query|Pull request was open to revert changes ([PR-1264](https://github.com/apache/calcite/pull/1264)) which remove ORDER BY clause; it wasn't merged, because aforementioned changes only unveiled the issue and no proper solution is available yet.|
```
